Operational Analyst Case Study:-

Description of the underlying data
Provided with a randomised excerpt of 6 months worth of operational data totalling
473,316 rows.
Data is provided in Different Read file.
In that dataset, you will be given the following information:
● CASE_ID - This is a distinct ID for a new type of review that needs to be done and
can comprise several PROCESSING_IDs. Think of it as one problem that might need
several times coming back to.
● HANDLING_TIME_START - This is the time when our operational associate started
reviewing the case.
● HANDLING_TIME_END - This is the time when our operational associate finished
reviewing the case (does not mean the problem was solved but rather that the review
at this time was completed).
● ACTOR_ID - This is the identifier of a specific operational associate.
● OPS_DECISION - This is the decision that was taken after the review by the
operational associate.
● CUSTOMER_ID - This is the distinct ID of a customer that was reviewed.
● CASE_TYPE - This is the type of review that was done.
● FINAL_STATE - This is the final/latest decision that has been taken over the
CASE_ID.
● PROCESSING_ID - this is the distinct ID of a review taken of the CASE_ID. It should
be the primary key of your data.
● CASE_CREATED_TIME - this is the time when the distinct CASE_ID was created
and ended up in the operational batch, ready to be reviewed.
Based on the information that you can get from the data, answer to the following
questions by complementing your answers with meaningful diagrams and tables, as
well as the description of your thought process:
1. How would you rate the current operational health of the processing team? Why?
2. How would you describe the current end customer experience taking into account our
mission in Wise:
“Money without borders - instant, convenient, transparent and eventually free. We’re
powering money for people and businesses: to pay, to get paid, to spend, in any currency,
wherever you are, whatever you’re doing.”
3. What kind of red flags do you identify in either of the following aspects:
a.) Agent performance
b.) Efficiency
4. A product team focused on growth comes to ask your advice on a roll-out plan for a
new product that would, as per estimations, increase the workload for the TYPE_THREE
case 5 times when released to its 100% potential.
They are asking you when would the operational team be able to handle the extra workload
with the same standard of processing as we had in January 2022.
You know that:
● A new hire would take 4 months before being fully onboarded from the time of the
hire.
● Hiring, on average, takes 1 month.
What would you suggest? Feel free to take a creative approach. It’s important not to come
up with a concrete date but rather to explain your thought process around how would you
approach this problem and how would you negotiate with the growth team.
What kind of concerns would you have? What kind of extra information would you require
from the growth team prior to the new product launch?
